=pod

=head1 INTRODUCTION

A simple plugin to provide an overview of some key statistics for your Koha instance.

=head1 DOWNLOADING

https://github.com/Libriotech/koha-plugin-overview/releases

=head1 INSTALLING

Koha's Plugin System allows for you to add additional tools and reports to Koha
that are specific to your library. Plugins are installed by uploading KPZ
( Koha Plugin Zip ) packages. A KPZ file is just a zip file containing the perl
files, template files, and any other files necessary to make the plugin work.

The plugin system needs to be turned on by a system administrator.

To set up the Koha plugin system you must first make some changes to your install.

=over 4

=item * Change <enable_plugins>0<enable_plugins> to <enable_plugins>1</enable_plugins> in your koha-conf.xml file

=item * Confirm that the path to <pluginsdir> exists, is correct, and is writable by the web server

=item * Restart your webserver

=back

Add this to your Apache config, e.g. /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/<instance>.conf:

   Alias /plugin/ "/var/lib/koha/<instance>/plugins/"
   <Directory /var/lib/koha/<instance>/plugins/>
      Options Indexes FollowSymLinks
      AllowOverride None
      Require all granted
   </Directory>

Replace <instance> with the actual name of your instance.

Once set up is complete you will need to alter your UseKohaPlugins system 
preference. On th Reports page you will see the Reports Plugins.

=head1 CREDITS

Chart.js: http://www.chartjs.org/

=head1 LICENSE

See the LICENSE file.

=cut
